README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree Capstone Project

## Proposal
See the [proposal.pdf](https://github.com/bschwarz/udacity-machine-learning-capstone/blob/master/proposal.pdf) in this repo for the proposal for this project.

## Datasets
The datasets are provided by Udacity. Instead of replicating those datasets in this repo, you can download those datasets from the links provided by Udacity for the [dog images](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-aind/dog-project/dogImages.zip) and the [human images](http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/lfw.tgz). A break down of the datasets is as follows:
1) Dog images - there are a total of 8351 dog images. There are datasets for train, test and validate, with each having 133 different dog breeds. The train dataset has roughly 20 images per dog breed, and seems to be balanced.
2) Human images - there are a total of 13233 human images. There are 5749 different people represented in those pictures. Some people have multiple images, and others just have one. So, this dataset is imbalanced.

Commit message:

docs: adds references to the report and notebooks

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree Capstone Project

## Proposal
See the [proposal.pdf](https://github.com/bschwarz/udacity-machine-learning-capstone/blob/master/proposal.pdf) in this repo for the proposal for this project.

## Proposal Review
To view the review of the proposal, you can view the [Udacity review](https://review.udacity.com/#!/reviews/2647482).
## Final Report
For details on the project solution, see the [report.pdf](https://github.com/bschwarz/udacity-machine-learning-capstone/blob/master/report.pdf) file.

## Notebooks
You can view the [notebook]((https://github.com/bschwarz/udacity-machine-learning-capstone/blob/master/dog_app.ipynb)) or the [pdf]((https://github.com/bschwarz/udacity-machine-learning-capstone/blob/master/dog_app.pdf)) copy of the notebook for details on the implementation.

## Datasets
The datasets are provided by Udacity. Instead of replicating those datasets in this repo, you can download those datasets from the links provided by Udacity for the [dog images](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-aind/dog-project/dogImages.zip) and the [human images](http://vis-www.cs.umass.edu/lfw/lfw.tgz). A break down of the datasets is as follows:
1) Dog images - there are a total of 8351 dog images. There are datasets for train, test and validate, with each having 133 different dog breeds. The train dataset has roughly 20 images per dog breed, and seems to be balanced.
2) Human images - there are a total of 13233 human images. There are 5749 different people represented in those pictures. Some people have multiple images, and others just have one. So, this dataset is imbalanced.
